shout out to the wonderful folks at
Squarespace for sponsoring this episode
of buy release we're starting today with
a fun fact on June 6 2005 master farmers
were put into runescape and players
could pickpocket them to get seeds seed
what are these seeds for I can't use
them for anything what's going on here
that's right seeds were put into the
game way before farming was jagex teased
the boys and eight girls of runescape
for an entire month by letting everyone
collect these mysterious seeds and
everyone was very very confused I don't
know if they actually were I was 7 when
farming was put into the game everything
I've ever told you may or may not be a
lie that I made up on July 11th the game
was introduced to farming a skill for
the chillerz farming is pretty
straightforward you rake the weeds
fertilize the soil and stare at the
plants anywhere from 10 minutes to 15
hours as they slowly grow but if you're
intelligent you'll just ask the overseer
of each patch what kind of [__] they
hoard and they'll watch it for you so
you bet your ass I'm gonna be doing that
too quests from now is forgettable tale
of a drunken dwarf which was the first
quest with a farming requirement I
barely know how to farm on my main
account let alone on a time era
restricted Ironman so I'm getting a head
start hands down the best way to train
this skill is to plant giant ass trees
in the ground they give fat exp and as
long as you pay the gardener you can do
literally anything else for hours while
it just grows couldn't help but notice
there's a splasher I also couldn't help
but notice this is a multi combat zone
in this person's an idiot but a lot of
people don't realize about me as I have
way too much time on my hands not all of
its spent productively Exhibit A here we
go if you're gonna splash that's fine do
your own thing but there are countless
places to splash that are not multi
combat I consider myself a teacher maybe
even a professor ah yes there they go
again this one's a stubborn one gotta
respect the Ducks of the Park range me
Drake you might know me from my music I
was also a wheelchair Jimmy under grass
he got shot like who who's countin that
stuff I'm gonna make it painfully
obvious this time for silly overs what's
happening I
finally been caught red-handed they're
just hopping worlds they're not even
gonna switch spots well they're 17
that's what I needed four dwarf quest I
have so many more trees all right I just
finished my first tree run ever 21 from
that I'm awesome thought I'd change up
the pace so I did some skills over the
last couple weeks here's some leaked
footage of me crafting here's a slayer
level I got and that's that's my
progress video thanks for watching today
we continue the elf storyline with
mornings end part 1 the way less
terrifying part of mornings end here's a
quick recap of the entire elf story so
far the story began long ago very long
ago with counselor Hal Dr who assigned
us to kill and incinerate this colored
sheep that were apparently carrying the
plague after we did that this led into
the first official chapter plague city
we helped this guy Edmund rescue his
daughter Elena who was being held
captive inside West Ardoyne where the
plague was going wild in the meantime we
bullied a child into telling us about
the treasure underneath backstory and
falls we didn't get any treasure though
instead we returned lost jewelry to the
graves of elven King backstory and his
wife clariel then biohazard we helped
Elena get plague samples from inside the
city only to reveal that the plague was
fake we confronted King Laius and told
him about it but he already knew it was
a scheme to stop his brother king tyrant
who ruled west are joined since he was
corrupted by the Dark Lord whoever the
hell that is after that we became a man
by doing underground pass navigating
through the depths of Hell to find a
pathway for an army so King Laius could
get his boys over to elf land we fell 50
times made my favorite song a date and
killed the demigod Ivan rather than send
an army of trained soldiers and doing
the logical thing the King sent us to
kill his brother we went into the big
forest and met Elf leader Lord Isleworth
and he taught us how to launch barrels
of explosives into camps on our way back
we ran into Ariane win' who was a rebel
elf he revealed to us that King Tyrus
was not evil at all we just murdered a
very good guy King Laius was actually
the guy in cahoots with the Dark Lord he
wanted to take back Camelot I didn't
know he ever owned it but he wanted it
back apparently finally we met up with
it sold win and Illumina these names are
so stupid for roving elves we planted a
crystal tree for them and in return got
a crystal bow that I still can't use and
now ladies and gentlemen we are here out
the gates of errand are apparently
that's what this place is called which
is a lot easier than hating our lives
going through the underground pass this
is great so Julie shortcut can I use
this 85 you need 85 to go up there what
kind of rocks are these why is that so
difficult
oh what a Jody level you train in 285
why to go up a 60-degree Hill that
toddler could climb hey Luna do you look
more like a Trixie to me I think I think
that's your name would I like to start
mornings in part one ah you know what I
really like we're gonna do something
else okay she's thick as to let eeeh I
don't want to brag or anything but I
just got a teleport crystal I can come
back right here in front of them anytime
I want
Oh Luna just logged out all right well
I'll teleport in front of this guy
anytime I want
wait a second is this lore that is this
a freeze-frame
it sure is this guy was just letting us
know that lord Isleworth and King Laius
are definitely working together he
doesn't know why King light.this is
doing it I don't [__] know either so
you know me I like to dress up as people
I'm not and go undercover so that's
exactly what I'm gonna do
I think it's so cool that the runescape
Elf storyline inspired the entire Game
of Thrones series look at those guys
look familiar to you yeah they sure do I
have to disguise myself as a mourner and
there's one now I'm gonna Jack his stuff
hey man she's leaving do I have to like
catch him oh [__] oh just keep coming
this way hey come here I want to talk to
you for a second oh gosh it's through a
pokeball at me all my stats are at 20
now this is good I like a challenge
you know what lower room 210 you can
shout at me all you want but I'm taking
your pants so the top is bloody and the
pants are ripped
I I don't understand why I need to get
them fixed could I not just be a
battle-hardened mourner or is that not
what we're all about
yeah death guard the blood and rips make
for better RP I don't want to fix
anything why do I have to do this I'm
gonna try something here is a game
theory I'm gonna keep the plague jacket
and pants and see if they're the exact
same player model because if they are
I'm gonna be pissed cuz I I just found a
loophole
uh-oh is it is that laundry guy hey man
how'd he remove blood stage portal or
remove blood stones show me horrible
birth no blood stones so he's not
letting me have his special soap and I
mean his whole life is devoted to
laundry clearly oh yeah you steal the
soap you're an [__]
jayson's can no longer do the only thing
he's meant to do the plague jackets a
lot more practical that's got the gloves
built into it the mortar thing just the
top shot I can tell a plague jacket from
a martyr jacket from a mile away
wherever I'm going back to elf town get
my pants fixed hi ma'am I broke my pants
can you do anything about that you see
that oh you didn't see that oh that's
crazy because they're the same [__]
thing she's hot me she shot me Destin
go crazy my house alright the HQ is up
here it's very important that I stay in
character I am a new recruit trying to
prove himself to the bad guy elf leader
I take it you're one of the new recruits
I'm very excited as you may know part of
what we do here is keep the people
believing in the plague why I feel like
that was the one thing I shouldn't have
said to this guy if the plague is fake
wouldn't it be better security to have
everyone down here take their masks off
there'd be no worry about anyone being
undercover if everyone was just chilling
down here with no masks on what does
that make a little too much sense I'm
pretty sure I spoiled this back when we
did sheepherder but yeah he just
revealed that he died the Sheep
different colors to make them look like
they're plague basically he just
confirmed we killed innocent sheep and
now we have to go do that we have to go
read I the Sheep with this device he
just gave me it's broken and this no
okay I tickled this gnome and gave him
cookies so he fixed my rocket launcher I
forgot to mention it doesn't launch
rockets it launches obese frogs that
explode I just realized that since I'm
the one dying these sheep I'm
responsible for the next guy who
mindlessly does sheep herder and
incinerates these things master Fisher
don't tell anyone what you saw here all
right I'm just always doing [__] I'm not
supposed to for a little too long going
a little too far wants to know if I know
a trustworthy biologist oh they're very
trustworthy the biologists I know are
nothing but the most trustworthy in fact
so you know yeah I here I go
don't watch me leave take this rotten
apple here I guess I should explain
things I'm gonna make this whole town
appear plagued by poisoning
food supplies with toxins from rotten
apples and elena my trustworthy
biologist is gonna assist me with that
it's rebar loose see my movie
Elena's so terrified she knows it's me
but I'm holding a bazooka she's like I'm
not poisoning people that's messed up
okay I've got to make another barrel of
naphtha but first I need to get a [__]
ton of rotten apples excuse this old
stomping technique you all owe me five
bucks if I get this on the first try
work it over all of you all of you owe
me five bucks and then we use the sieve
on it god I'm such a scientist I think
I'm one step away from making meth we're
gonna use that on range nothing could go
wrong oh yeah baby baby okay let's get
out here the door was just open to their
food supply there's no security
whatsoever yeah I'm just gonna poison
this right in the church I'd sure hope
God's busy doing something else right
now
hey that guy's done eating by now get
him back up there this dudes talking
about sarin the Dark Lord goddess thing
and about the Great Temple beneath the
city if you don't know what temple he's
referring to don't know very soon when
I'm crying myself to sleep because of
part two yeah I should probably report
this to Aeryn wind why am I saying this
to him what was that I said I said
you're really [__] hot I'm going back
to elf land
smells good here yeah see look the elf
Warriors are 108 the mourners in the
basement weren't 108 there's some
sketchy [__] going on this rosetta
rosetta you want a stone como esta baby
Aryan wind I need a couple days off I've
done a lot of bad things I need to chill
out good god that is fat XP I like that
until next time auf bye and remember
don't trust anyone not even yourself
I'll bet you could suck a golf ball
through a garden hose what I look like
an idiot
we're about to embark on our 85th quest
that seems psychotic I cannot believe I
still have all of you fooled that this
is a good series you stupid idiots
forgettable tale of a drunken dwarf our
final quell de grim story commander Vale
the band wants to see me I don't blame
him I'm a legend around here nowadays
have you heard you mean half the world
has suddenly become a farmer 2005 jokes
that no one except for me would pick up
on cool he's telling me that the red X a
company far less superior to a purple
pooter that's how it's pronounced by the
way
all of them including the old boomer
dwarf left the city there's a drunk
dwarf that knows some sketchy things
about them so we're gonna pay him a
visit these intro cutscenes are terrible
I don't even understand how this got to
prove like yeah that's good enough just
when they start at play that yet you
know what I'm gonna show you how they
could have done this take notes Jagex
the perfect cinematic for a quest about
making beer all right here's the drunk
dwarf
I think drunk might be an understatement
this guy has blacked out he has no idea
what's going on
I like his hats like The Fresh Prince of
bel-air you're a cool guy so now he's
screaming like he's a homeless guy
outside of a gas station I'm getting out
of here he requested a beer
I brought a beer but he doesn't want
this one so I have to go down to the bar
and get the one he actually wants oh
yeah yeah I can see the difference he
wants the really good stuff killed us
doubt if I want information from this
guy I have to brew him a beer that he's
craving right now how valuable is this
information because that sounds like a
tedious process
he gave me one seat and said I need four
I guess I have to go find three other
people that have these seeds
conveniently laying around their house
suspect one rowdy dwarf right outside
the bar it looks like he's working for
the bar he's got a sign that says pub
but it's pointing to the beer that
somehow not spilling out right now
that's amazing
he wants a heap of ashes let me get that
from the bank I like how my guy knew I
had that in the bank already that's cool
here you are sir two more to go and then
I guess we could start the quest
I guess this jolly ole guy has one too
he wants me to have a toast with him
drinking's bad for you I say well it's a
bold statement in the city Cheers
huzzah I like that guy the last dude who
has a seed is under white wolf Mountain
so time to take a ride hold on tight
didn't someone shoot you out of a cannon
Oh God apparently me shooting out of a
cannon was the greatest thing to ever
happen in dwarf history yeah he has a
seed he's just being an [__] about it
but if I offer you a drink are you
offering I just thought I'd save myself
the trouble of waiting for you to ask me
this time they still acknowledge it they
still make it a part of every plot
here's a dwarven stout take it you
alcoholic all of you my guy's losing his
[__] we got four seeds now it's time to
put our farming training to use it's
gonna take like 15 to 20 minutes to grow
I guess this gardener has like a side
task we can do in the meantime I'm not
not doing anything else so he gave us a
letter to deliver to that one dude who's
near the farm outside falador can I read
his letter would have had some juicy
crazy stuff no it's just some boring
[__] he definitely did that on purpose
they knew everyone would look in this
letter they could have had so much fun
with it just some random optional sides
to
easter-egg where you deliver a
disgusting sext from one farmer to
another the most beautiful love story in
all of runescape but no no it's cool
this quest is exciting enough else
things like man that's it it's are you
sure there's nothing on the back you
that's all Hey look at that they're done
growing we've got the hops had delivered
your letter he was very disappointed Oh
more seeds thank you so much and love
farming yeah a little bump in the road
it's come to my attention that I need
barley malt to brew this beer and the
only way to get it is to grow it myself
which is an additional 40 minutes of
waiting I love this okay 40 minutes how
do I spend my time wisely with 40
minutes wait a second I've got the
perfect idea
Gabe's room that's right I got a
challenge your ass is going pretty well
for me my first time playing checkers in
years
prizes there's a little child let's see
it let's see the big guy moves it's not
impossible except one yeah [__] you you
always gotta be 70 steps ahead of your
opponent I'm leaving on top I'm [__]
oh yeah and look at that I've played
this game for 14 years this is the first
time I've ever done anything with barley
apparently I need to go put this over a
range and cook it so I'll go do that and
then go to Celtic room oh I thought I
was ready to brew this thing I need an
empty pot though I guess I'll go to the
bank and get a pot I release episode 23
the hunt for pot so having to mix it all
in and get this over with a little bit
of this a little bit of that you know
I'm saying drop that in there see if
that does anything oh my god did you
[__] it up no look it's on the table
right there yeah no I see that I have to
wait with this guy for another 20
minutes he's either a train conductor or
a rapper from the late 80s he did
ad-libs for The Beastie Boys before that
he was just a backup dancer for Spice
Girls you know that song intergalactic
by them it's like a mural acting my mom
and me he was that guy he was the guy
doing the robot
intergalactic oh my god it's John Adams
John Adams the beer is done oh yeah what
if I accidentally drank it what I have
to restart the whole quest just got
actually scared for a second all right
you [__] just doing this weird
cutscene thing where it fades to black
he's telling me a story that makes zero
sense right now he's clearly lost his
mind he was mentioning this blocked-off
area of the minecarts whoa hey I'm good
at moonwalking look at me go we're gonna
see how to get that back open we can go
and investigate this dude doesn't have
the authority to open that part of the
minds up but I know the guy who does
yeah it's open now let's get after it
doesn't look very open to me am I gonna
crash uh hello well we found a crazy
cavern looking thing essentially this
whole place is just a back-and-forth
puzzle I get these green and yellow
blocks I map out the left and right
turns to get two different chests around
the rooms and eventually I'll have
enough blocks to get me to the exit here
we go first exit whoa what wait what is
like I do it well I do what does this
pose blah blah blah well they're just
too lazy to put the text above their
heads they discussed a very vague evil
plan that they plan to go through with
it would appear that I have to continue
through the puzzle to continue learning
about this evil plan of theirs the
question shut the [__] up no duck oh
look another puzzle be right back let's
see what's going on nothing like a
blocked-off storage room that tell me
every detail of who's undercover and
working with who mr. e conveniently
solved the old guy that stormed out of
the room last quest is planning an
invasion of the world he's a real bad
guy I never would have guessed something
crazy like that oh boy you should have
brought some runes start raising hell in
here take all these guys out one by one
problem solved they had some test
subjects they're making an army this
gnome guy wants to approve of them first
why's it always the dwarves the gnomes
the little guys always causing a ruckus
uh-oh chaos dwarves look at those guys
there's their army I didn't know they
were test subjects I thought they were
just [__] behold the power of
zamorak level 48 bow down the ogre found
me okay
why would they bring me back here so
that drunken dwarf from earlier his
memory was wiped and scrambled and
that's exactly what just happened to us
but good thing I'm always recording I
can show all this footage to Commander
Valda ban the spell not only screws our
memory but makes us crave beer and
kebabs all the time yeah I'm talking to
the commander I can't remember anything
I'm just saying how much I want to drink
okay I bought a beer and a kebab from
the bar and now the cutscene ensues the
scene here is great it's me telling a
wacky story to everyone in the
you might notice the drunken dwarf
random event guy is right in front of me
having a good time which is what makes
this sad with the game originally being
backed up from 2007 this is the final
chapter of the red axe story since it
wasn't continued in the old school
universe I won't spoil anything but
there's three more quests that were put
in a runescape three that continue this
and if you look into the lore you'll see
how awesome it'd be if old school put
their own twist on this cliffhanger I
bet you by release would love that sort
of thing but until then it's been real
cal de Grimm again thanks to Squarespace
for being today's sponsor if there's one
thing I've learned no one including your
own family will take you seriously
unless you own your own website at
Squarespace you can purchase a domain
and set it up right away with one of
their quirky templates you could easily
see traffic analytics and trends which
is really handy if you set up your own
shop and if you're looking to create
something on the community side they've
got an integrated common system that
supports threaded comments replies and
likes wish I would have found
Squarespace sooner than some of you
might actually buy my shirts go to
Squarespace comm for a free trial and
when you're ready to launch go to
Squarespace comm / Jimmy to save 10% off
your first purchase of a website or
domain
[Music]
you